Add new `delta` format parameter to return=representation (#2223)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-protocol/11.4 Data Modification.md

##### ##subsubsubsubsec Response Representation of Related Entities

In the absence of [`$expand`](#SystemQueryOptionexpand), an update request
that includes related entities SHOULD include those related entities in the response.

If a collection representing the full set of related entities is included in
the update request, then the full set of related entities for that collection
SHOULD be included by default in the response. The client MAY request that related entities
in such a request be returned as a delta collection containing at least the applied changes

> by specifying the preference [`return=representation;delta`](#Preferencereturnrepresentationandreturnminimal).

Reviewer: Since this restricts the effect of the delta preference to related entities, consider the following wording:
```suggestion
SHOULD be included by default in the response, and a preference for delta response [`return=representation;delta`](#Preferencereturnrepresentationandreturnminimal) applied only to related entities.
```
(Otherwise it sounds like a contradiction to section 8.)

Author: Intention was that specifying the preference is an exception to the initial statement (represent as full).

Recommend rewording: Unless the return=representation;delta preference is applied....

Author: Also need to update the abnf in the 4.02 branch...
